Hi Kuba. I just got back from a client. We have the project I initially mentioned to you. It's going to be a kind of controller for a toy gearbox. In those toys for kids, you know, where an adult remotely controls an electric car and steers their child. And now the client wants the gears to be displayed very realistically, so that it would be possible to influence the gearbox just like in a real car. So look, the requirements are very simple. Our gearbox will be in park mode, meaning we are now standing as if you had neutral and the handbrake on in a normal car, we can simplify it that way. Then if we hold the brake, we can switch to neutral mode, you can go backwards or go forwards. And we will mainly focus on this use case in this iteration. We go forward, now look at what will happen. If I release the brake, let it go. We start to move, then my foot presses the gas. See what happens with the gears. There will be first gear, second gear, third gear, and it should work exactly like that. Now I start braking and immediately second gear. From fourth to second. Did you see that? We want to achieve exactly something like that. The project is very simple. As you can see, I could quickly whip it up in Visual Basic script, but I don't have time now because we're currently creating a new cryptocurrency on the blockchain. So you will be personally responsible for this project, and to ensure it goes well, I will pair you with our best senior. A veteran who has been with us since the beginning. You know, he's a bit of a grumpy Smurf, but I hope that together you'll complement each other and create a yin and yang team.